action: Add feature: Allow skip checkout when used along other actions (#6)
BlueOS-community/Deploy-BlueOS-Extension: README.md

`author-email` | | NO | `'author.email@example.com'`
`maintainer` | The maintaining organisation or developer.<br> Defaults to the repository owner. | NO | `'Devs-R-US'`
`maintainer-email` | | NO | `'maintainer.email@example.com'`

> `skip-checkout` | Skip the checkout step if files are already present | NO | `'false'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`skip-checkout` | Skip the checkout step (e.g. if a previous Action has already checked out the repository). | NO | `'false'`
```
